Draft guide for OCI Kubernetes (#1175)
micronaut-projects/micronaut-guides: guides/micronaut-k8s/verify.adoc

> Run a cURL command to create user through api:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run a cURL command to create a user via the `api` microservice:
```

[source,bash]
----
curl -X "POST" "$API_URL/api/users" -H 'Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8' -d '{ "first_name": "Nemanja", "last_name": "Mikic", "username": "nmikic" }'
----

[source, json]
----
{"id":1,"username":"nmikic","first_name":"Nemanja","last_name":"Mikic"}
----

> Run a cURL command to create order through api:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run a cURL command to create an order via the `api` microservice:
```

[source,bash]
----
curl -X "POST" "$API_URL/api/orders" -H 'Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8' -d '{ "user_id": 1, "item_ids": [1,2] }'
----

[source, json]
----
{"id":1,"user":{"first_name":"Nemanja","last_name":"Mikic","id":1,"username":"nmikic"},"items":[{"id":1,"name":"Banana","price":1.5},{"id":2,"name":"Kiwi","price":2.5}],"total":4.0}
----

> Run a cURL to list created orders:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run a cURL command to list orders:
```

[source,bash]
----
curl "$API_URL/api/orders" -H 'Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8'
----

[source, json]
----
[{"id":1,"user":{"first_name":"Nemanja","last_name":"Mikic","id":1,"username":"nmikic"},"items":[{"id":1,"name":"Banana","price":1.5},{"id":2,"name":"Kiwi","price":2.5}],"total":4.0}]
----

> We can try to place an order with user that doesn't exist (with id 100). Run a cURL command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can try to place an order for a user who doesn't exist (with id 100). Run a cURL command:
```
